[MIG][18.0] mail_post_defer (#69)
OCA/mail: mail_post_defer/readme/USAGE.md

To use this module, you need to:

1.  Go to the form view of any record that has a mail thread. It can be
    a partner, for example.
2.  Post a message.

The mail is now in the outgoing mail queue. It will be there for at
least 30 seconds. It will be really sent the next time the "Mail: Email
Queue Manager" cron job is executed.

While the message has not been yet sent:

> 1.  Hover over the little envelope. You will see a paper airplane icon,
>     indicating it is still outgoing.

Reviewer: **issue:** this is not just on hover now.

```suggestion
1.  Click the little envelope. You will see a paper airplane icon,
    indicating it is still outgoing.
```

> 2.  Hover over the message and click on the little trash icon to delete
>     it. Mails will not be sent.

Reviewer: **issue:** Odoo UX changed a bit here too:

```suggestion
1.  Hover over the message and click on *⠇ \> 🗑️ Delete*.
    Mails will not be sent.
```

> [!tip]
> When using markdown numbered lists, you can use always `1.` so it's the final render step who actually puts the correct numbers. This way, if you have to insert some extra step between others, you don't feel the need to renumber the others.
